SHODAN.IO
A search engine for devicesd connected to the internet . it allowas you to search for specific types and versions of servers , networking equipment , industrial control systems and IOT devices
https://www.shodan.io/search/examples

Censys 
At first glance, Censys appears similar to Shodan. However, Shodan focuses on Internet-connected devices and systems, such as servers, routers, webcams, and IoT devices. Censys, on the other hand, focuses on Internet-connected hosts, websites, certificates, and other Internet assets. Some of its use cases include enumerating domains in use,
auditing open ports and services, and discovering rogue assets within a network. 

VirusTotal 
is an online website that provides a virus-scanning service for files using multiple antivirus engines. It allows users to upload files or provide URLs to scan them against numerous antivirus engines and website scanners in a single operation. They can even input file hashes to check the results of previously uploaded files.

Have I Been Pwned
Have I Been Pwned (HIBP) does one thing; it tells you if an email address has appeared in a leaked data breach. Finding one’s email within leaked data indicates leaked private information and, more importantly, passwords. Many users use the same password across multiple platforms, if one platform is breached, their password on other platforms is also exposed. Indeed, 
passwords are usually stored in encrypted format; however, many passwords are not that complex and can be recovered using a variety of attacks.

CVE
We can think of the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) program as a dictionary of vulnerabilities. It provides a standardized identifier for vulnerabilities and security issues in software and hardware products. Each vulnerability is assigned a CVE ID with a standardized format like CVE-2024-29988. This unique identifier (CVE ID) ensures that everyone from security researchers to vendors and IT professionals is referring to the same vulnerability, CVE-2024-29988 in this case.

The MITRE Corporation maintains the CVE system. For more information and to search for existing CVEs, visit the CVE Program website. Alternatively, visit the National Vulnerability Database (NVD) website. The screenshot below shows CVE-2014-0160, also known as Heartbleed.

Exploit Database
There are many reasons why you would want to exploit a vulnerable application; one would be assessing a company’s security as part of its red team. Needless to say, we should not try to exploit a vulnerable system unless we are given permission, usually via a legally binding agreement.

Now that we have permission to exploit a vulnerable system, we might need to find a working exploit code. One resource is the Exploit Database. The Exploit Database lists exploit codes from various authors; some of these exploit codes are tested and marked as verified.

GitHub, a web-based platform for software development, can contain many tools related to CVEs, along with proof-of-concept (PoC) and exploit codes. To demonstrate this idea, check the screenshot below of search results on GitHub that are related to the Heartbleed vulnerability.

Linux Manual Pages
Long before the Internet was everywhere, how would you get help using a command in a Linux or Unix-like system? The answer would be checking the manual page, man page for short. On Linux and every Unix-like system, each command is expected to have a man page. In fact, man pages also exist for system calls, library functions, and even configuration files.

Let’s say we want to check the manual page for the command ip. We issue the command man ip. The screenshot below shows the page we received. You might want to start the AttackBox and run man ip on the terminal. Press q to quit.

