Picture yourself administering a small business network with only five computers and five employees. In such a tiny network, you will probably be able to configure each computer separately without a problem. You will manually log into each computer, create users for whoever will use them, and make specific configurations for each employee's accounts. If a user's computer stops working, you will probably go to their place and fix the computer on-site.
While this sounds like a very relaxed lifestyle, let's suppose your business suddenly grows and now has 157 computers and 320 different users located across four different offices. Would you still be able to manage each computer as a separate entity, manually configure policies for each of the users across the network and provide on-site support for everyone? The answer is most likely no.
To overcome these limitations, we can use a Windows domain. Simply put, a Windows domain is a group of users and computers under the administration of a given business.
The main idea behind a domain is to centralise the administration of common components of a Windows computer network in a single repository called Active Directory (AD). The server that runs the Active Directory services is known as a Domain Controller (DC).
Domain [ file server , database server , workstation , desktop ] -> Domain controller 
the main adventages of having a configured windows doamin are : 
Centralised identity managemenet : all users across the netwrok can be configured from acitve directory with minium effort
Managing security policies -> you can configure security policies directly from active directory and apply them to users and computeres across the network as needed
A Real-World Example

If this sounds a bit confusing, chances are that you have already interacted with a Windows domain at some point in your school, university or work.

In school/university networks, you will often be provided with a username and password that you can use on any of the computers available on campus. Your credentials are valid for all machines because whenever you input them on a machine, it will forward the authentication process back to the Active Directory, where your credentials will be checked. Thanks to Active Directory, your credentials don't need to exist in each machine and are available throughout the network.

Active Directory is also the component that allows your school/university to restrict you from accessing the control panel on your school/university machines. Policies will usually be deployed throughout the network so that you don't have administrative privileges over those computers.

in a windows domain , credintials are stored in a centrailed repository calleed ACTIVE DIRECTORY
the server in charge of running the active directory services is called Domain Controller 


The core of any windows domain is the Active Directory Domain Service ( AD DS ) . this service act as a catalogue that holds the information of all the "objects" that exist on your network . amongst the many objects supported by AD , we have users , groups , machines , printers , shares and many others 

you cansay that user ( security principal ) can have act upon resources in the network 
users can be used to represent 2 type of entities : 
people : users will generally represnt person in your organiozation that need to access the network , like employees
service :  you can also define users to be used by services like IIS or MSSQOL . every single service requires a user to run , but service users are different from regular users as they will only have the priv needed to run their specific service

OU -> apply policies on members
security group -> grant permissions over resources
